The President:
Hi.
I'm recording this message
from Seoul, South Korea,
as I finish up my first
presidential trip to Asia.
As we emerge from the worst
recession in generations,
there is nothing more important
than to do everything we can to
get our economy moving again
and put Americans back to work,
and I will go anywhere
to pursue that goal.
That's one of the main
reasons I took this trip.
Asia is a region where we now buy more goods and do more trade
than any other place
in the world --
commerce that supports
millions of jobs back home.
It's also a place where the risk
of a nuclear arms race threatens
our security, and where
extremists plan attacks on
American soil.
And since this region includes
some of the fastest-growing
nations, there can be no
solution to the challenge of
climate change without the
cooperation of the Asia Pacific.
With this in mind, I traveled
to Asia to open up a new era of
American engagement.
We made progress with China
and Russia in sending a unified
message to Iran and North Korea
that they must live up to their
international obligations and
either forsake nuclear weapons
or face the consequences.
As the two largest consumers
and producers of energy,
we developed a host of new clean
energy initiatives with China,
and our two nations agreed to
work toward a successful outcome
at the upcoming climate
summit in Copenhagen --
an outcome that leads to
immediate action to reduce
carbon pollution.
And I spoke to young men and
women at a town hall in Shanghai
and across the Internet about
certain values that we in
America believe are universal:
the freedom of worship and
speech; the right to access
information and to choose one's
own leaders.
But above all, I spoke with
leaders in every nation I
visited about what we can do to
sustain this economic recovery
and bring back jobs and
prosperity for our people --
a task I will continue to focus
on relentlessly in the weeks and
months ahead.
This recession has taught us that we can't return to a
situation where America's
economic growth is fueled by
consumers who take out
more and more debt.
In order to keep growing, we
need to spend less, save more,
and get our federal
deficit under control.
We also need to place a greater
emphasis on exports that we can
build, produce, and
sell to other nations --
exports that can help create new
jobs at home and raise living
standards throughout the world.
For example, if we can increase
our exports to Asia Pacific
nations by just 5%, we can
increase the number of American
jobs supported by these exports
by hundreds of thousands.
This is already happening
with businesses like American
Superconductor Corporation, an
energy technology startup based
in Massachusetts that's been
providing wind power and smart
grid systems to countries
like China, Korea, and India.
By doing so, it's added more
than 100 jobs over the last few years.
Increasing our exports is one
way to create new jobs and new prosperity.
But as we emerge from a
recession that has left millions
without work, we have an
obligation to consider every
additional, responsible step
we can take to encourage and
accelerate job creation
in this country.
That's why I've announced
that in the next few weeks,
we'll be holding a forum at the
White House on jobs and economic growth.
I want to hear from CEOs
and small business owners,
economists and
financial experts,
as well as representatives
from labor unions and nonprofit
groups, about what they think
we can do to spur hiring and get
this economy moving again.
It's important that we don't make any ill-considered
decisions -- even with
the best of intentions --
particularly at a time when
our resources are so limited.
But it's just as important that
we are open to any demonstrably
good idea to supplement the
steps we've already taken to put
America back to work.
That's what I hope to
achieve in this forum.
Still, there's no forum or
policy that can bring all the
jobs we've lost overnight.
I wish there were, because
so many Americans --
friends, neighbors,
family members --
are desperately
looking for work.
But even though
it will take time,
I can promise you this: we are
moving in the right direction;
that the steps we are
taking are helping;
and I will not let up until
businesses start hiring again,
unemployed Americans
start working again,
and we rebuild this economy
stronger and more prosperous
than it was before.
That has been the focus of our
efforts these past ten months --
and it will continue to be our
focus in the months and years to come.
Thanks.